All right, so you've already seen how to look at file permissions with the 'ls -l' command, but
here's what you need to know:
Each file has a user and a group, and each file has three sets of permissions: read, write and execute.
And then each file has three instances of these permissions.
So this is the first instance here.
This is the second one.
And that's the third.
So if you're looking at the output of 'ls'--or 'ls -l', the first character determines what type
of file it is--
and here, I'm going to zoom this up so you can see this a little better..
So this first first little dash, if it's just a dash, that means it's a file.
This might also be the letter "d", which would mean it's a directory.
And then there's three sets of permissions.
Here's the first one second one.
Third one.
So this stands for the user's permissions.
This one stands for the staff's permission (the group).
So these are--goku here has read/write permissions, but the staff group only has read, and then this
last set of permissions is for everybody else.
So it looks kind of cryptic, this whole little line here, but it's actually pretty straightforward.
There's three permissions and three instances of the permissions for users, groups and then everybody else.
[musical jingle/signing] user group or other read, write, execute!
Now that you've seen that little intro, I think we should run your script so you can actually see the
results of your work.